long on untenable. As a goal situation, I have to deal with my 1st 06
Command. I had to bring the mast in five. Who has sexually harassed
on the floor in the command? I brand new to this. This is honestly the
first day off. And I have made aware of this, um, as they, the executive
officer draw up. That's why for the man to last on recommended
be drawn back 22 a half months later. 22 out of my 24 months command.
22 a half months later, the man was drunk. Uh, so it was a highly
on terrible situation that that member placed me because he wanted
to talkto. Can I talk to you, Skipper? It's awful. I know what you
want to talk about it. You're now commanding officer that you cannot
be biased. You cannot let this untenable situation reach a point where
you are going to be compromised. So I was not going a lot five
Dr. And as a result, that I was clear Thio, including one field too